Add a guide for economic buyers (#42460)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/agents/introduction.mdx

---
title: Protect Infrastructure with Teleport

> description: Deploy Agents to enroll resources in your infrastructure with Teleport. You can run multiple Teleport services per Agent."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Deploy Agents to enroll resources in your infrastructure with Teleport. You can run multiple Teleport services per Agent.
```
Is this supposed to be there?

Agents typically run in the same private networks as the resources they proxy.
They should be the only clients that can access a resource without Teleport.

In this setup, Agents dial the Teleport Proxy Service in order to establish
reverse SSH tunnels. While the Proxy Service remains open to the public internet

> via its HTTPS port, Agents require no open ports or public address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via its HTTPS port, Agents require only outbound network access to the Proxy Service.
```
This is a little misleading... And I know it wasn't part of the original change. However, this could be clarified with this change.

Author: The change made it less explicit that you can run Agents behind a firewall, so I've incorporated this suggestion and added that language as well.
